{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang3081{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 I mashed my peas with my fork. "nothing interesting," i said in answer to my mum, penelope zastruga's, everyday question. "but today you went on a school field trip, am i wrong?" she asked brightly. "No, Mom" Katie said with her mouth full. "MANNERS!" i yelled at her, "Hamish is just upset because they didn't scientifically explain anything." she said. i shrugged. "All we did is follow a stupid guy in a panda suit who showed us these machines making msg, i learnt nothing, nothing  i say, not even what msg is! i should home school myself and-" katie interrupted "well the tour guide from the factory gave our class soup with and without msg and my conclusion is msg is delicious". "oh i'm surrounded by idiots" i groaned. "pffff, are you seriously quoting from the lion king?" katie asked scornfully. "i'm older then you so just be quiet!" i yelled. then harvey zastruga waltzed into the kitchen his mop of gray hair looking exactly like a mop. "hey munchkins!" he chirped. "heyyyyy!!" my mum cried and picked both of my arms up and waved them for me. "THIS IS SUCH A CRAZY FAMILY," i moaned as my arms moved against my will.  "soo, did i interrupt anything?" asked my dad sitting at the table and guzzling down his food which happened to be roast chicken.  "you did actually," i said, "i'm on a roll anyway." so i informed my dad about what i thought of the msg factory we had gone to. "thats a tough case, my boy" my dad said thoughtfully, "but keep in mind to realize the difference between truth and opinion" i stood up. "i will discover the truth once and for all!!"  i dumped my plate in the sink and ran to my room "put it in the dishwasher hammy!" called my mum but i pretended not to hear. i cracked my knuckles which sounded satisfying yet gross. i typed in "the truth about msg" there was one result that came up. "made just for me," i   thought. i clicked on it 'request denied' i tried again 'request denied' luckily my cousin had taught me how to hack into documents like these and before i knew it i had everything, there was an experiment done on mice, when fed msg they became obese and apparently humans are five times more sensitive then mice are, which makes sense considering the trash mice eat. Not very long after, i emerged from my room with a full written essay to read to my family "ahem, ahem, ahem." \par
I looked around the deserted lounge and kitchen. "Oh woe me.," i muttered and tripped over a cup of banished lukewarm tea. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING!" yelled a groggy thick voice, "WHY ARE YOU EVEN AWAKE AT THIS TIME OF NIGHT, YOU SHOULD BE IN BED!" "very well," i said sadly, and fell onto the lounge couch to sleep.In my dream i heard all these bone crunching sounds and there were these ugly little chihuahuas, i screamed and woke up. its awesome when you are little and fall asleep on the couch and you magically wake up in bed. it never happens anymore, i thought feeling depressed. do you get to a certain age where your powers don't work anymore or what? breakfast was tasteless as always and when i couldn't stand the sound of katie slurping cereal any longer i made my way for school. i burst into the class room, walking past my classmates all the while saying...\par
"Jim Rohn, a motivational speaker, once said, take care of your body, its the only place you have to live in, i gave a small cough. And that is not a joke ladies and gentlemen because you don't realize the value of health til sickness comes and takes it away. I mean, i, can easily wish that everyone would just stop eating trashy food like mcdonalds. But i am so much smaller then the universal food chain. I doubt i have the authority. I could wish that junk food would just fade from existence.. But wishing is just wishing after all. but what i *can* do, is tell you guys from my heart the dangers of msg. yes, monosodium glutamate. The taste that kills. everyone thinks of sugar as a boogeyman, well health conscious people. but hardly anyone stops to think "oh msg, stay away from that" and let me tell you msg is in practically everything. Msg can cause autism in kids, brain damage, hyperactivity, migraine headaches. msg turns sugar from energy to fat automatically so is responsible for obesity!  it is also responsible for leading people to the development of diabetes type two. for older people they can get alzheimers disease parkinsons and many diseases that i can't pronounce. beware of msg's many names. All killers disguise themselves. but if you look out for msg, the hunter shall become the hunted." i took a majestic bow. "so, yeah". My classmates are an unusually quiet class so they all just blinked at me like dumb owls. "why do you all look like dumb owls?" i said "really guys, i am disappointed in you." "Hamish!!" huffed my teacher "that was brilliant!"\par
"i know, i know," i said taking another bow. "i am SO awesome" he ignored me, saying "do you mind sharing that little speech with the school in a week or so?" "not at all", i said grandly "i shall be tickled pink." many things happened fast i was quite surprised because my talents are taken for granted in my family but my teacher raved about my speech to other teachers and those teachers raved about my speech to other teachers and everyone was raving about my speech, even the kids.it always happens like that. adults get passionate about something and it always rubs off on the kids like nothing else before, if you ask me, kids look up to the wrong people. Then my teacher rang my parents who were at work and told them about my future performance in front of the school and asking if it was alright, naturally they were saying, yes why not. "i haven't heard anything like this before," my teacher was saying to me. "what was the source of the information?" "the msg factory field trip," i said looking down, just hoping against hope, like i do. "oh? i didn't hear anything like this though." "i was listening extra hard" my teacher went bright red. "i do believe i may of drifted off." he admitted sheepishly to the class. i was on top of the moon. i made my way home, smiling goofily. Katie was waiting for me at the letterbox "why are you smiling goofily and your late you know," she said. "you ignorant human being," i swaggered past her and ran into the kitchen and did my usual slide on the tiles. Katie came in after me. "that was pretty commendable, bro" she leaned against the door post. i did my best fake smile,"Thanks," i said and ran to the dictionary. we have this massive worn out dictionary that is so hard to carry around. nobody complains but me, because no one uses it but me. it is a banished, unused, forgotten book that lies behind the couch in our lounge. Katie is such a know it all to bring me down to this situation. I am very ashamed about my lack of knowledge but i just never understand anything Katie says most of the time. The dictionary is my biggest secret. oh well apart from all the hacking i do into top scientist's documents. anyway they should be flattered at my enormous desire for their research. i was paying attention to the carpet which was stained in this arty farty way, so i bumped into this bouncy stomach. "hey, hammy," i looked up and my dad was in my way. "that was some neat stuff,aye, looks like you discovered the truth once and for all, like you said. shouldn't of doubted you sonny boy" "oh, it was nothing". i  shrugged modestly. "don't be so humble, you are not that great," interrupted Katie's voice that had no business there. "oh alright. i know, i was brilliant" i beamed at them all. "I SHALL SHOUT YOU ALL CHINESE TAKEOUT TO CELEBRATE!" i smiled because everyone knew, that really meant dad would shout us. "sweet,thats' very generous of you ham." said my dad. i gave him a disappointed look "that was your cue," i said. "you're not meant to take money from little kids" there was a rushed jiggly sound of a key in the door and my mother hustled in with her many handbags, she dumped them all on the couch and threw herself on top of them. "WHAT A DAY!" she exclaimed. "I have such stubborn clients, tutututut, NEVER BE A LAWYER, MY HONEYS!!" "that is one thing i have learned from you," i told her. "and one thing i have learned from you, hammy, is not to eat a whole tube of toothpaste."she smiled."you threw up everywhere when you did". "WHEN I WAS IN KINDERGARTEN," i boasted, "i used to always eat the play dough, my teacher was always telling me off." Katie huffed. "thats' nothing, i always used to eat the sand from the sandpit." "I DRANK BUBBLES!" "goodness me." my mother fanned herself. "you kids are unbelievable" "UNBELIEVABLY TALENTED" i screamed. "WOOHOO!"\par
"it is just a wonder, you aren't all poisoned and dead already." Harvey Zastruga butted in."lets not talk about this,"Katie said. "it is awful morbid" i ran behind the lounge couch."well honeys, i don't know about you, but i think we all deserve a milkshake."i immediately came out even though i hadn't even found the word 'morbid' yet. "MILK MUSTACHES SHALL BE FOREVER FASHIONABLE," i yelled in the milkshake shop. i got many stares in reward. "Why are you such a werido," Katie hissed in my ear. "i like him like that," said Penelope. i hugged her middle "OH YOUR SO CUDDLY AND SOFT." Katie got a lime mustache, Harvey got a rum and raisin and Penelope and i got chocolate ones. "CHEERS TO ME!" i said. "CHEERS TO HIM!" Penelope said. and the day was perfect at that moment.and then Katie ruined it by telling me that you still live for eleven seconds after your head gets chopped off. Then we got home and ate normal microwaved dinners and i just wanted to throw up, i mean i just gave a speech why we shouldn't eat msg, people! i wish the parents hadn't forced me into this i mean what happens if a kid from my class puts his head in the window and sees me chowing down on msg? i may as well just be some sort of politician. i am a filthy liar and hypocrite. i don't deserve perfect days and penlope zastruga and harvey and even katie. i deserve no one. i hope no one knows where i live. i spouted out my concerns to harvey but he just said "you are such a worry wart." "Pardon me," i sniffed "but then that makes you the father of a wart." Harvey slapped me on the back and went to get another microwaved dinner. i facepalmed. My family is hopeless. they don't understand my woes.the phone in the hallway started anciently beeping and blopping. like a sick robot. because that is what it is. i forced myself sullenly to it. "hello?" i asked, my voice dragged across the word like a grating motor. a whole lot of professional gibberish spouted out of the phone, that i was unable to identify. "Katie?" i hesitated. "what is it saying?" i tossed the phone to her except the cable intercepted. i picked it off the floor. "they hung up," i moaned. "it could of been someone telling us we won a holiday to the Caribbean". Then my mum's phone started pinging crazily with text notifications. "SOMEONE IS STALKING US!" i screamed, chopping onions. "Onions are great weapons. i mean, if there's a bad guy three times bigger then you, all you have to do is rub onions in his eyes and its game over," i whispered to Katie as she raised an eyebrow. "THATS RIGHT!" i yelled, "Your big brother is looking out for you!" My mother came out from the shower her head wrapped up in a towel turban, she held up her phone. "HONEYS! MY DARLINGS!" she cried with that little french trill she puts on, she thinks is exotic. "HAVE I GOT NEWS FOR YOU!\par
minutes later, i made out of her bubbling excitement that the school had contacted us. "ARGH!" i immediately screamed. "i'm sorry i copied Katie's homework, i'm sorry i used all the balsamic vinegar and baking soda, i'm sorry about eating some of Katie's apple  experiment, i'm sorry,i'm sorry, i'm sorry" i peeked through my fingers. my mother stared at me, stop talking. "your grounded," she said firmly. Katie grumbled "I flunked that experiment, you know." "you flunk everything science, anyway..." i murmured guiltily. she glared at me intensely. "Are you making excuses for your adverse behavior!" i wiped my eyes.  "yeah...."  "well, Hamish" my mother frowned . "what i was going to say before you so rudely interrupted with your drama, she stopped to ruffle my hair, "was that the school rang and wanted you to perform your speech on stage on Monday night, other speeches will be performed also...." her voice trailed away in my mind, i started jumping around hysterically like a sugar-high flea.\par
Katie face palmed. "i can't comprehend this, are you gonna be like this for the next two days?" i crept behind the couch. \par
"yes i am!!" i yelled ten minutes later. I did a flip onto the couch and landed on a body."GER-ORF!!" my dad yelled "BED, RIGHT NOW!" Penelope pinched my cheek, "your grounded for a day" "OI!" i growled,. "you can't just grab people's cheeks willy-nilly" "a day and 10 minutes," she smiled, setting a timer. "THIS IS CRAZY! WHO BUYS GROUNDING TIMERS ANYWAY!!" "a day and twenty.." i grouched to my room and closed the door very quietly. i usually wake up around five a.m. which is the time the sun spills into my room like watery honey.i do not like watery honey, it makes my toast awfully soggy. I purposefully fell out of bed and did some burpees. 'this is the worst day of my life,' i moaned like i do every time i get grounded. I looked out my window and many things flew past. Junk mail, mostly. "CAN I COME OUT YET!" i yelled. i swung open my door and crept to the kitchen for supplies. i found some pomegranate and carrot juice and a shrunken pear. I turned around, pretty satisfied with the food i had found and katie was standing there in her ugly pajamas. "ew, your ugly pajamas" i spluttered. She pushed past me and opened the fridge. after much scavenging she dug out chocolate milk, leftover lasagna and a orange. "lasagna for breakfast is very, very unhealthy," i said carefully, eyeing her food. "it can be make you feel sluggish and make you gain weight," "yeah your right." she nodded. "and guess what?" i stepped closer eagerly, ready to take the unhealthy food off her hands. she almost smiled kindly. "I DON'T CARE!" she sang and ran off. i heard her yucky little voice from the hall "Daaaad, hamish is out of his room," i paced around guiltily in the kitchen. 'there is only one way out of this," I told myself and jumped out the window like an out of shape superhero. "this is pointless<' i was telling myself. i had landed in the compost heap and was struggling out of the smelly mess of unusual things that i knew were not just vege waste. "there is no escape, go face your punishment like a man. "i'm not a man," i grumbled back at myself and took off down the street. then having second thoughts turned and ran back jumped into my window and fell on my bed and pretended to be asleep. Harvey came in and wrinkled his nose in disgust. "Hamish, why did you jump into the compost heap you disgusting little man, and dont be silly i know you are awake." i snored. he sighed and went out. "YOU ARE SO GULLIBLE," i yelled which was dumb but i wanted him to know how awesomely i tricked him. he came back in grinning like a stupid monkey. "I KNEW YOU WOULD DO THAT," he whooped. "so, whats your prison song today?" i looked up blearily, "i was thinking along the lines of abcde.." harvey shook his head "you are lame. two hours extra. all together you have twenty more hours to go," he smiled horribly, his teeth shining like nail varnish. "i know i know, life is unfair." i huffed. "actually just like Kaylea Chidester said, life is fair, there is just some unfair people in it, thats what katie says." i raised both eyebrows at him, folding my arms. "oh yeah," he said, as an afterthought. "you probably need some food. I put my bored bones to bed at seven. Someone  was whisperring tonelessly into my hair. "get up. get up." "no. stop spitting." then a soft punch on the arm. "your so mean, katie." i cried into my pillow. she pulled all my blankets off,took away my pillow.  i hugged my knees for body warmth, stared blankly into the abyss of darkness.Today is the day, i finally smiled. \par
\par
The school assembly smelt of old books. A senior with a lisp was giving a speech on reasons not to own a dog and why cats were ten times better, not very mathematically scientific i thought.. Teachers in turn were smiling proudly as students from their class, took the stage. Time and time again you would hear the half-hearted clapping  of the audience. I zoned out almost for good when someone shoved me roughly from behind. "owwww." i complained and looked sideways "what ho? a foe?" "its your turn to go up you dope" many people were pushing me up front. i struggled away from the writhe of squirming bodies.i grabbed the slender microphone and gave a harsh sounding cough. "hello. my name is hamish." the school pathetically clapped for two seconds. "i think you haven't learnt my name yet, lets all say it together," the crowd sighed, "hamish." i paused. A teacher, the especially  ugly one, hissed "hurry up." "right, right" i nodded feverishly. The microphone squeaked.  "Jim Rohn, a motivational speaker once said," here i glanced up, phones were appearing in the audience already, filming like crazy, i continued "..........msg can cause autism, obesity," i looked straight ahead as a particularly fancy camera caught my attention "......................................msg comes in many forms of names...............msg stands for mono sodium glutamate" i bowed deeply my nose touching my knee, smiling with the knowledge i had delivered my speech under four minutes. Everyone started clapping. then someone stood up, and i thought i was going to get a standing ovation. i squinted in the dim light and made out the figure of Penelope Zastruga. i frowned at her, the way she is makes me have high expectations of other people. "oh darling," Penelope was saying, "that was even better then i thought it would be," on the car ride home. "especially the part where you made everyone say your name," she grinned "some people just a need a little push."  I high fived her and the car swerved slightly. \par
Dinner was anchovy pizza, it tasted waxy and i could taste the natural flavors. I announced this to my family. "natural flavors?" My mother brightened. "it must be organic pizza!" "authentic, even." Harvey added. "fools!" i growled, humorously. "natural flavors is another name for msg," i informed them. "so cheers to your new found piece of knowledge." i raised my pizza which dripped with oil and took another bite. something else dripped into my food. i identified snot. "KATIE, ARE YOU OVER MY SHOULDER," i glanced around  witheringly. i put my finger to my nose and felt something the texture of egg whites.. i crossly wiped my nose with my sleeves and carried on trying to eat the pizza. Everyone finished and left to wash the dishes. "rude.." i called after them. i choked and my throat felt insanely raw. ITS THE STUPID SALT FROM THE STUPID ANCHOVIES FROM THE STUPID PIZZA, i thought, coughing like an old man. Harvey came in. "you all goods?" "no,i cough like an old man." i said sadly. "and what," may i ask, "is wrong with that?" Harvey asked, in mock indignation. he suddenly looked at me closely.. "my, you are a groveling mess," he chucked. i turned my pasty, bloodshot eyes on him. "its not nice to laugh at unhappy people." "the word is incapable," Katie came in drying her hands on her shirt. I staggered behind the couch. i looked up angrily, and slammed the dictionary. "i can still go to school tomorrow," i said, my voice cracking. Katie smirked. "tomorrow is a Saturday, developing amnesia?" not bothering to search it up, i grumbled to my room, "i'm so sick of you guys," i muttered under my breath. "AHA! pun!" hiccuped Harvey after me. i wondered briefly about my families lack of intelligence and blurrily tried to read some comic books wiping away the now watery snot from the page every now and then. "i can still go to school tomorrow," i said, my voice cracking. Katie smirked. "tomorrow is a Saturday, developing amnesia?" not bothering to search it up, i grumbled to my room, "i'm so sick of you guys," i muttered under my breath. "AHA! pun!" hiccuped Harvey after me. i wondered briefly about my families lack of intelligence and blurrily tried to read some comic books wiping away the now watery snot from the page every now and then..It was a nightmare trying to speak. "c-c-can you please give a poor soul some w-water?" Katie wrinkled her nose "it seems a frog has taken residence in your throat". she left and i was in agony of not knowing what residence means. I heard her voice in the hallway sounding unnaturally shrill "Hamish has come down with an acute illness," then Penelope's voice. "pardon, honey?" Katie's voice came again "An illness, Any illness Occurring suddenly that develops rapidly with severe symptoms" "my nose is bleeding!" i yelled "it will NOT stop!" My mother appeared in the doorway looking as young as ever. "oh Hammy sweetie," she smiled sympathetically, "You blew too hard, control yourself." after a pause. "your speech was posted online". i lifted up my head. "really?" she shook her head, tight-lipped. "you can't check it, til your better, you can't move until your better, you can't do anything until your better, except drink ginger tea!" she kissed me on the head. "be reasonable, dear mother!" "of course My little Shakespeare." i frowned. she has been calling me that since she found out about my secret. The dictionary. I was in the habit of estimating the time by the flow of meals that came in through my door, which was rather inconsistent. By my fourth "dinner" as Katie announced, i had lost count of the days. for all i could know, they could be feeding me dinner for breakfast and breakfast for dinner. I was a very confused boy. My curtains remained closed at all times. and the Air was stale and smelt of farts. A large mountain of tissues containing all sorts of things from blood to snot to vomit, lay beside my bed. "This is uncool'" i thought out-loud. Katie came in and said with a lilting voice "the words are unpalatable,repulsive, nauseating, odious-" "STOP!" i gurgled."appalling, vile, revolting-" "stop!" my breathing became rapid and hot. "irksome, detestable,vexatious, atrocious-"  "STOP AT ONCE," she stopped. "i was complimenting you," my ears perked up. "you were?!" Katie gave a wry smile. "i knew you didn't perceive what i was implying," "go away." i growled into my pillow.  she smiled sickly, like the pain she is. i stared at her. "i think your catching something. can you get me a cookie?" she sniffed. "i got bigger fish to fry," and left me up for the dead. "noooooooo!" i gave a strangled scream. "get me a cookie!" the days dragged on like a stubborn plastic butter knife.  Someone tapped me urgently while i was in haze a of sleep. i blindly punched whoever was mugging me and missed several times. "school, hammy darling! isn't it fantastic YOUR PRACTICALLY BRAND NEW!" exclaimed a voice that could only belong to Penelope Zastruga she tugged me out of bed and pushed a cup of hot chocolate in my hands. I still refused to open my eyes and spilled it on myself. I blearily crawled out of my pajamas like a sick caterpillar. "welcome back to the world," Katie greeted me. "thankyou, earthling. take me to your leader," she whacked me on the back of the head "quit clowning around," "you are the clown," i retorted stomping my foot to make my point even though i knew it was a pathetic comeback. "oi, don't be rude," Harvey pointed his finger at me. i looked up and batted my eyelashes. "I would never be rudeeee, daddy." "lose the halo kid," snickered Katie "it doesn't suit you." I slurped my milk and weakly slung my school bag over my shoulder. "I got a date with destiny," i announced. "I'M GONNA GET EDUCATED," "some destiny,"  snorted Katie "you are destined to die." "Well i'm gonna go down making history!" i yelled over my shoulder and jumped down the steps, Katie slouched after me. "okay, heres the big deal." i started saying. "when we get there, you must tell people a mysterious stranger has come from who knows where but in reality, who knows where is actually a place and the mysterious stranger is actually hammy zastruga but no one shall know, and by the end it will be too late."Katie raised an eyebrow and then raised the other eyebrow. "Do you even have an actual idea what you are saying, i think your delirious?"  i wobbly made my way to the massive, iron school gate. As soon as i entered the place of my nightmares, nothing happened. in fact nothing happened of interest all day, or to my interest..One little kid asked me for my autograph. i wrinkled my brow, and did a random scribble on his toothpaste tube. "uhhh, i don't exactly have an official autograph but sure take it!" the kid smiled a gap toothed smile at me which i found kinda creepy. "My parents are great believers in salubriousness , and i have inherited their passion genes!!!" he hissed between his uneven teeth. and then he ran off as i falteringly wondered what salubriousness meant. My teacher gave me a bear hug, and told me not to take the other students jealousy to heart. I forgot to mention my mate, Nixon. he is a strange weaselly fella, with darting dodgy eyes, like hes guilty of many crimes. He always wears clothes that are too big for him. Still, i'm glad of his company although i get the uneasy feeling he just stays around to copy my science homework. Nixon shoved his hands in his pockets and awkwardly told me "you did a good job, congratulations". i accepted all this meekly, asking no questions, not knowing what it was all about, not much caring either. \par
 \par
          I mashed my peas with my fork. "nothing interesting," i said in answer to my mum, penelope zastruga's, everyday question. "but today you went on a school field trip, am i wrong?" she asked brightly. "No, Mom" Katie said with her mouth full. "MANNERS!" i yelled at her, "Hamish is just upset because they didn't scientifically explain anything." she said. i shrugged. "All we did is follow a stupid guy in a panda suit who showed us these machines making msg, i learnt nothing, nothing  i say, not even what msg is! i should home school myself and-"  "well, the tour guide from the factory gave our class soup with and without msg and my conclusion is msg is delicious" "oh, i'm surrounded by idiots" i groaned. "pffff, are you seriously quoting from the lion king?" katie asked scornfully. "i'm older then you so just be quiet!" i yelled. then harvey zastruga waltzed into the kitchen his mop of gray hair looking exactly like a mop. "hey munchkins!" he chirped. "heyyyyy!!" my mum cried and picked both of my arms up and waved them for me. "THIS IS SUCH A CRAZY FAMILY," i moaned as my arms moved against my will.  "hey, kiddos check this out, its my speech i made during my sneak break-times, ya wanna hear it?" without waiting fot an anwser he recited ""soo, did i interrupt anything?" asked my dad sitting at the table and guzzling down his food which happened to be roast chicken.  "you did actually," i said, "i'm on a roll anyway." so i informed my dad about what i thought of the msg factory we had gone to. "thats a tough case, my boy" my dad said thoughtfully, "but keep in mind to realize the difference between truth and opinion" i stood up. "i will discover the truth once and for all!!"  i dumped my plate in the sink and ran to my room "put it in the dishwasher hammy!" called my mum but i pretended not to hear. i cracked my knuckles which sounded satisfying yet gross. i typed in "the truth about msg" there was one result that came up. "made just for me," i   thought. i clicked on it 'request denied' i tried again 'request denied' luckily my cousin had taught me how to hack into documents like these and before i knew it i had everything, there was an experiment done on mice, when fed msg they became obese and apparently humans are five times more sensitive then mice are, which makes sense considering the trash mice eat. Not very long after, i emerged from my room with a full written essay to read to my family "ahem, ahem, ahem." \par
I looked around the deserted lounge and kitchen. "Oh woe me.," i muttered and tripped over a cup of banished lukewarm tea. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING!" yelled a groggy thick voice, "WHY ARE YOU EVEN AWAKE AT THIS TIME OF NIGHT, YOU SHOULD BE IN BED!" "very well," i said sadly, and fell onto the lounge couch to sleep.In my dream i heard all these bone crunching sounds and there were these ugly little chihuahuas, i screamed and woke up. its awesome when you are little and fall asleep on the couch and you magically wake up in bed. it never happens anymore, i thought feeling depressed. do you get to a certain age where your powers don't work anymore or what? breakfast was tasteless as always and when i couldn't stand the sound of katie slurping cereal any longer i made my way for school. i burst into the class room, walking past my classmates all the while saying...\par
"Jim Rohn, a motivational speaker, once said, take care of your body, its the only place you have to live in, i gave a small cough. And that is not a joke ladies and gentlemen because you don't realize the value of health til sickness comes and takes it away. I mean, i, can easily wish that everyone would just stop eating trashy food like mcdonalds. But i am so much smaller then the universal food chain. I doubt i have the authority. I could wish that junk food would just fade from existence.. But wishing is just wishing after all. but what i *can* do, is tell you guys from my heart the dangers of msg. yes, mono-sodium glutamate. The taste that kills. everyone thinks of sugar as a boogeyman, well health conscious people. but hardly anyone stops to think "oh msg, stay away from that" and let me tell you msg is in practically everything. MSG can cause autism in kids, brain damage, hyperactivity, migraine headaches. msg turns sugar from energy to fat automatically so is responsible for obesity!  it is also responsible for leading people to the development of diabetes type two. for older people they can get alzheimers disease parkinsons and many diseases that i can't pronounce. beware of msgs many names. All killers disguise themselves. but if you look out for msg, the hunter shall become the hunted." i took a majestic bow. "so, yeah". My classmates are an unusually quiet class so they all just blinked at me like dumb owls. "why do you all look like dumb owls?" i said "really guys, i am disappointed in you." "Hamish!!" huffed my teacher "that was brilliant!"\par
"i know, i know," i said taking another bow. "i am SO awesome" he ignored me, saying "do you mind sharing that little speech with the school in a week or so?" "not at all", i said grandly "i shall be tickled pink." many things happened fast i was quite surprised because my talents are taken for granted in my family but my teacher raved about my speech to other teachers and those teachers raved about my speech to other teachers and everyone was raving about my speech, even the kids.it always happens like that. adults get passionate about something and it always rubs off on the kids like nothing else before, if you ask me, kids look up to the wrong people. Then my teacher rang my parents who were at work and told them about my future performance in front of the school and asking if it was alright, naturally they were saying, yes why not. "i haven't heard anything like this before," my teacher was saying to me. "what was the source of the information?" "the msg factory field trip," i said looking down, just hoping against hope, like i do. "oh? i didn't hear anything like this though." "i was listening extra hard" my teacher went bright red. "i do believe i may of drifted off." he admitted sheepishly to the class. i was on top of the moon. i made my way home, smiling goofily. Katie was waiting for me at the letterbox "why are you smiling goofily and your late you know," she said. "you ignorant human being," i swaggered past her and ran into the kitchen and did my usual slide on the tiles. Katie came in after me. "that was pretty commendable, bro" she leaned against the door post. i did my best fake smile,"Thanks," i said and ran to the dictionary. we have this massive worn out dictionary that is so hard to carry around. nobody complains but me, because no one uses it but me. it is a banished, unused, forgotten book that lies behind the couch in our lounge. Katie is such a know it all to bring me down to this situation. I am very ashamed about my lack of knowledge but i just never understand anything Katie says most of the time. The dictionary is my biggest secret. oh well apart from all the hacking i do into top scientist's documents. anyway they should be flattered at my enormous desire for their research. i was paying attention to the carpet which was stained in this arty farty way, so i bumped into this bouncy stomach. "hey, hammy," i looked up and my dad was in my way. "that was some neat stuff,aye, looks like you discovered the truth once and for all, like you said. shouldn't of doubted you sonny boy" "oh, it was nothing". i  shrugged modestly. "don't be so humble, you are not that great," interrupted Katie's voice that had no business there. "oh alright. i know, i was brilliant" i beamed at them all. "I SHALL SHOUT YOU ALL CHINESE TAKEOUT TO CELEBRATE!" i smiled because everyone knew, that really meant dad would shout us. "sweet,thats' very generous of you ham." said my dad. i gave him a disappointed look "that was your cue," i said. "you're not meant to take money from little kids" there was a rushed jiggly sound of a key in the door and my mother hustled in with her many handbags, she dumped them all on the couch and threw herself on top of them. "WHAT A DAY!" she exclaimed. "I have such stubborn clients, tutututut, NEVER BE A LAWYER, MY HONEYS!!" "that is one thing i have learned from you," i told her. "and one thing i have learned from you, hammy, is not to eat a whole tube of toothpaste."she smiled."you threw up everywhere when you did". "WHEN I WAS IN KINDERGARTEN," i boasted, "i used to always eat the play dough, my teacher was always telling me off." Katie huffed. "thats' nothing, i always used to eat the sand from the sandpit." "I DRANK BUBBLES!" "goodness me." my mother fanned herself. "you kids are unbelievable" "UNBELIEVABLY TALENTED" i screamed. "WOOHOO!"\par
"it is just a wonder, you aren't all poisoned and dead already." Harvey Zastruga butted in."lets not talk about this,"Katie said. "it is awful morbid" i ran behind the lounge couch."well honeys, i don't know about you, but i think we all deserve a milkshake."i immediately came out even though i hadn't even found the word 'morbid' yet. "MILK MUSTACHES SHALL BE FOREVER FASHIONABLE," i yelled in the milkshake shop. i got many stares in reward. "Why are you such a weirdo," Katie hissed in my ear. "i like him like that," said Penelope. i hugged her middle "OH YOUR SO CUDDLY AND SOFT." Katie got a lime mustache, Harvey got a rum and raisin and Penelope and i got chocolate ones. "CHEERS TO ME!" i said. "CHEERS TO HIM!" Penelope said. and the day was perfect at that moment.and then Katie ruined it by telling me that you still live for eleven seconds after your head gets chopped off. Then we got home and ate  the usual microwaved dinners and i just wanted to throw up, i mean i just gave a speech why we shouldn't eat msg, people! i wish the parents hadn't forced me into this i mean what happens if a kid from my class puts his head in the window and sees me chowing down on msg? i may as well just be some sort of politician. i am a filthy liar and hypocrite. i don't deserve perfect days and Penelope zastruga and Harvey and even Katie. i deserve no one. i hope no one knows where i live. i spouted out my concerns to Harvey but he just said "you are such a worry wart." "Pardon me," i sniffed "but then that makes you the father of a wart." Harvey slapped me on the back and went to get another microwaved dinner. i face palmed. My family is hopeless. they don't understand my woes.the phone in the hallway started anciently beeping and blopping. like a sick robot. because that is what it is. i forced myself sullenly to it. "hello?" i asked, my voice dragged across the word like a grating motor. a whole lot of professional gibberish spouted out of the phone, that i was unable to identify. "Katie?" i hesitated. "what is it saying?" i tossed the phone to her except the cable intercepted. i picked it off the floor. "they hung up," i moaned. "it could of been someone telling us we won a holiday to the Caribbean". Then my mum's phone started pinging crazily with text notifications. "SOMEONE IS STALKING US!" i screamed, chopping onions. "Onions are great weapons. i mean, if there's a bad guy three times bigger then you, all you have to do is rub onions in his eyes and its game over," i whispered to Katie as she raised an eyebrow. "THATS RIGHT!" i yelled, "Your big brother is looking out for you!" My mother came out from the shower her head wrapped up in a towel turban, she held up her phone. "HONEYS! MY DARLINGS!" she cried with that little french trill she puts on, she thinks is exotic. "HAVE I GOT NEWS FOR YOU!\par
minutes later, i made out of her bubbling excitement that the school had contacted us. "ARGH!" i immediately screamed. "i'm sorry i copied Katie's homework, i'm sorry i used all the balsamic vinegar and baking soda, i'm sorry about eating some of Katie's apple  experiment, i'm sorry,i'm sorry, i'm sorry" i peeked through my fingers. my mother stared at me, stop talking. "your grounded," she said firmly. Katie grumbled "I flunked that experiment, you know." "you flunk everything science, anyway..." i murmured guiltily. she glared at me intensely. "Are you making excuses for your adverse behavior!" i wiped my eyes.  "yeah...."  "well, Hamish" my mother frowned . "what i was going to say before you so rudely interrupted with your drama, she stopped to ruffle my hair, "was that the school rang and wanted you to perform your speech on stage on Monday night, other speeches will be performed also...." her voice trailed away in my mind, i started jumping around hysterically like a sugar-high flea.\par
Katie face palmed. "i can't comprehend this, are you gonna be like this for the next two days?" i crept behind the couch. \par
"yes i am!!" i yelled ten minutes later. I did a flip onto the couch and landed on a body."GER-ORF!!" my dad yelled i found i was lying on my dads head. "BED, RIGHT NOW!" Penelope pinched my cheek, "your grounded for a day" "OI!" i growled,. "you can't just grab people's cheeks willy-nilly" "a day and 10 minutes," she smiled, setting a timer. "THIS IS CRAZY! WHO BUYS GROUNDING TIMERS ANYWAY!!" "a day and twenty.." i grouched to my room and closed the door very quietly. i usually wake up around five a.m. which is the time the sun spills into my room like watery honey.i do not like watery honey, it makes my toast awfully soggy. I purposefully fell out of bed and did some burpees. 'this is the worst day of my life,' i moaned like i do every time i get grounded. I looked out my window and many things flew past. Junk mail, mostly. "CAN I COME OUT YET!" i yelled. i swung open my door and crept to the kitchen for supplies. i found some pomegranate and carrot juice and a shrunken pear. I turned around, pretty satisfied with the food i had found and katie was standing there in her ugly pajamas. "ew, your ugly pajamas" i spluttered. She pushed past me and opened the fridge. after much scavenging she dug out chocolate milk, leftover lasagna and a orange. "lasagna for breakfast is very, very unhealthy," i said carefully, eyeing her food. "it can be make you feel sluggish and make you gain weight," "yeah your right." she nodded. "and guess what?" i stepped closer eagerly, ready to take the unhealthy food off her hands. she almost smiled kindly. "I DON'T CARE!" she sang and ran off. i heard her yucky little voice from the hall "Daaaad, hamish is out of his room," i paced around guiltily in the kitchen. 'there is only one way out of this," I told myself and jumped out the window like an out of shape superhero. "this is pointless<' i was telling myself. i had landed in the compost heap and was struggling out of the smelly mess of unusual things that i knew were not just vege waste. "there is no escape, go face your punishment like a man. "i'm not a man," i grumbled back at myself and took off down the street. then having second thoughts turned and ran back jumped into my window and fell on my bed and pretended to be asleep. Harvey came in and wrinkled his nose in disgust. "Hamish, why did you jump into the compost heap you disgusting little man, and dont be silly i know you are awake." i snored. he sighed and went out. "YOU ARE SO GULLIBLE," i yelled which was dumb but i wanted him to know how awesomely i tricked him. he came back in grinning like a stupid monkey. "I KNEW YOU WOULD DO THAT," he whooped. "so, whats your prison song today?" i looked up blearily, "i was thinking along the lines of abcde.." harvey shook his head "you are lame. two hours extra. all together you have twenty more hours to go," he smiled horribly, his teeth shining like nail varnish. "i know i know, life is unfair." i huffed. "actually just like Kaylea Chidester said, life is fair, there is just some unfair people in it, thats what katie says." i raised both eyebrows at him, folding my arms. "oh yeah," he said, as an afterthought. "you probably need some food. I put my bored bones to bed at seven. Someone  was whispering tonelessly into my hair. "get up. get up." "no. stop spitting." then a soft punch on the arm. "your so mean, Katie." i cried into my pillow. she pulled all my blankets off,took away my pillow.  i sat in my wooly dinosaur pajamas hugging my knees for body warmth, stared blankly into the abyss of darkness. "Today is the day," i finally smiled. \par
\par
The school assembly smelt of old books. A senior with a lisp was giving a speech on reasons not to own a dog and why cats were ten times better, not very mathematically scientific i thought.. Teachers in turn were smiling proudly as students from their class, took the stage. Time and time again you would hear the half-hearted clapping  of the audience. I zoned out almost for good when someone shoved me roughly from behind. "owwww." i complained and looked sideways "what ho? a foe?" "its your turn to go up you dope" many people were pushing me up front. i struggled away from the writhe of squirming bodies.i grabbed the slender microphone and gave a harsh sounding cough. "hello. my name is hamish." the school pathetically clapped for two seconds. "i think you haven't learnt my name yet, lets all say it together," the crowd sighed, "hamish." i paused. A teacher, the especially  ugly one, hissed "hurry up." "right, right" i nodded feverishly. The microphone squeaked.  "Jim Rohn, a motivational speaker once said," here i glanced up, phones were appearing in the audience already, filming like crazy, i continued "..........msg can cause autism, obesity," i looked straight ahead as a particularly fancy camera caught my attention "......................................msg comes in many forms of names...............msg stands for mono sodium glutamate..........and the hunted shall become the hunted" i bowed deeply my nose touching my knee, smiling with the knowledge i had delivered my speech under four minutes. Everyone started clapping. then someone stood up, and i thought i was going to get a standing ovation. i squinted in the dim light and made out the figure of Penelope Zastruga. i frowned at her, the way she is makes me have high expectations of other people. "oh darling," Penelope was saying, "that was even better then i thought it would be," on the car ride home. "especially the part where you made everyone say your name," she grinned "some people just a need a little push."  I high fived her and the car swerved slightly. \par
Dinner was anchovy pizza, it tasted waxy and i could taste the natural flavors. I announced this to my family. "natural flavors?" My mother brightened. "it must be organic pizza!" "authentic, even." Harvey added. "fools!" i growled, humorously. "natural flavors is another name for msg," i informed them. "so cheers to your new found piece of knowledge." i raised my pizza which dripped with oil and took another bite. something else dripped into my food. i identified snot. "KATIE, ARE YOU OVER MY SHOULDER," i glanced around  witheringly. i put my finger to my nose and felt something the texture of egg whites.. i crossly wiped my nose with my sleeves and carried on trying to eat the pizza. Everyone finished and left to wash the dishes. "rude.." i called after them. i choked and my throat felt insanely raw. ITS THE STUPID SALT FROM THE STUPID ANCHOVIES FROM THE STUPID PIZZA, i thought, coughing like an old man. Harvey came in. "you all goods?" "no,i cough like an old man." i said sadly. "and what," may i ask, "is wrong with that?" Harvey asked, in mock indignation. he suddenly looked at me closely.. "my, you are a groveling mess," he chucked. i turned my pasty, bloodshot eyes on him. "its not nice to laugh at unhappy people." "the word is incapable," Katie came in drying her hands on her shirt. I staggered behind the couch. i looked up angrily, and slammed the dictionary. "i can still go to school tomorrow," i said, my voice cracking. Katie smirked. "tomorrow is a Saturday, developing amnesia?" not bothering to search it up, i grumbled to my room, "i'm so sick of you guys," i muttered under my breath. "AHA! pun!" hiccuped Harvey after me. i wondered briefly about my families lack of intelligence and blurrily tried to read some comic books wiping away the now watery snot from the page every now and then. "i can still go to school tomorrow," i said, my voice cracking. Katie smirked. "tomorrow is a Saturday, developing amnesia?" not bothering to search it up, i grumbled to my room, "i'm so sick of you guys," i muttered under my breath. "AHA! pun!" hiccuped Harvey after me. i wondered briefly about my families lack of intelligence and blurrily tried to read some comic books wiping away the now watery snot from the page every now and then..It was a nightmare trying to speak. "c-c-can you please give a poor soul some w-water?" Katie wrinkled her nose "it seems a frog has taken residence in your throat". she left and i was in agony of not knowing what residence means. I heard her voice in the hallway sounding unnaturally shrill "Hamish has come down with an acute illness," then Penelope's voice. "pardon, honey?" Katie's voice came again "An illness, Any illness Occurring suddenly that develops rapidly with severe symptoms" "my nose is bleeding!" i yelled "it will NOT stop!" My mother appeared in the doorway looking as young as ever. "oh Hammy sweetie," she smiled sympathetically, "You blew too hard, control yourself." after a pause. "your speech was posted online". i lifted up my head. "really?" she shook her head, tight-lipped. "you can't check it, til your better, you can't move until your better, you can't do anything until your better, except drink ginger tea!" she kissed me on the head. "be reasonable, dear mother!" " of course, my little Shakespeare." i frowned. she has been calling me that since she found out about my secret. The dictionary. I was in the habit of estimating the time by the flow of meals that came in through my door, which was rather inconsistent. By my fourth "dinner" as Katie announced, i had lost count of the days. for all i could know, they could be feeding me dinner for breakfast and breakfast for dinner. I was a very confused boy. My curtains remained closed at all times. and the Air was stale and smelt of farts. A large mountain of tissues containing all sorts of things from blood to snot to vomit, lay beside my bed. "This is uncool'" i thought out-loud. Katie came in and said with a lilting voice "the words are unpalatable,repulsive, nauseating, odious-" "STOP!" i gurgled."appalling, vile, revolting-" "stop!" my breathing became rapid and hot. "irksome, detestable,vexatious, atrocious-"  "STOP AT ONCE," she stopped. "i was complimenting you," my ears perked up. "you were?!" Katie gave a wry smile. "i knew you didn't perceive what i was implying," "go away." i growled into my pillow.  she smiled sickly, like the pain she is. i stared at her. "i think your catching something. can you get me a cookie?" she sniffed. "i got bigger fish to fry," and left me up for the dead. "noooooooo!" i gave a strangled scream. "get me a cookie!" then i cried. The days dragged on like a stubborn plastic butter knife.  Someone tapped me urgently while i was in haze a of sleep. i blindly punched whoever was mugging me and missed several times. "school, hammy darling! isn't it fantastic YOUR PRACTICALLY BRAND NEW!" exclaimed a voice that could only belong to Penelope Zastruga. she tugged me out of bed and pushed a cup of hot chocolate in my hands. I still refused to open my eyes and spilled it on myself. I blearily crawled out of my pajamas like a sick caterpillar. "welcome back to the world," Katie greeted me. "thank you, earthling. take me to your leader," she whacked me on the back of the head "quit clowning around." "you are the clown," i retorted stomping my foot to make my point even though i knew it was a pathetic comeback. "oi, don't be rude," Harvey pointed his finger at me. i looked up and batted my eyelashes. "I would never be rudeeee, daddy," i simpered" "lose the halo kid," snickered Katie "it doesn't suit you." I slurped my milk and weakly slung my school bag over my shoulder. "welp, i don't know about you but I got a date with destiny," i announced. "I'M GONNA GET EDUCATED," "some destiny,"  snorted Katie "you are destined to die." "Well i'm at least gonna go down making history!" i yelled over my shoulder and jumped down the steps, Katie slouched after me. "okay, heres the big deal." i started saying. "when we get there, you must tell people a mysterious stranger has come from who knows where but in reality, who knows where is actually a place and the mysterious stranger is actually hammy zastruga but no one shall know, and by the end it will be too late."Katie raised an eyebrow and then raised the other eyebrow. "Do you even have an actual idea what you are saying, i think your delirious..?"  i wobbly made my way to the massive iron school gate. As soon as i entered the place of my nightmares, nothing happened. in fact nothing happened of interest all day, or to my interest. some random dudes came up and high fived me, but i passed it all in a haze.One little kid asked me for my autograph. i wrinkled my brow, and did a random scribble on his toothpaste tube. "uhhh, i don't exactly have an actual autograph but sure take it!" the kid slowly smiled a gap toothed smile at me which i found kinda creepy. "My parents are great believers in salubrious , and i have inherited their passion genes!!!" he hissed between his uneven teeth. and then he ran off as i falteringly wondered what salubrious meant. My teacher gave me a bear hug, and told me not to take the other students jealousy to heart. I forgot to mention my mate, Nixon. he is a strange weaselly fella, with darting dodgy eyes, like hes guilty of many crimes. He always wears clothes that are too big for him. Still, i'm glad of his company although i get the uneasy feeling he just stays around to copy my science homework. Nixon shoved his hands in his pockets shifted his feet side to side like he was doing some weird western cowboy barn dance. After a few seconds he awkwardly told me "you did a good job, congratulations". i accepted all this passively (a word Katie had "taught" me) with passive thanks, asking no questions, not knowing what it was all about, not much caring either. \par
\par
"aye, hamish, you missed something while you were sick. I've been here at school. The best thing happened last week. We had a substitute teacher for two days in a row, and pretty much all day both days i got to do craft. i made a catapult out of rubber bands and sticks, you wouldn't believe how far it flies." "i have an open mind, i can believe anything," i murmured "yeah so, show me nix." \par
\par
We made our way over to the craft table. the school bully came up and put his fist near my face. I ducked cowering. "fist bump YOU DOPE," he growled "hey why don't you just forget it," i grabbed his clench fist and quickly fist bumped it. "my pleasure," i trilled like penelope zastruga. \par
 i trailed home, and met Katie by the gate, because she hadn't bothered to wait for me to walk home with me. "so how does it feel to be the cream of the crop?" "cream..of.the crop?" she rolled her eyes "famous?"\par
"what do you mean?" "check the internet you are everywhere! waste of time if you ask me." she grumbled. "you're LATE by the way," she stalked off. i ran into the kitchen and did my usual slide on the kitchen tiles. "i'm famous," i whispered. i looked up and the ugliest boy I had ever seen was sitting at the kitchen table slurping milk like he owned the place. "oooh, hello," the boy didn't say anything. so I waited politely, then I looked up the stairs. "muum, there's a kid in here," she came down the stairs looking flustered "hamish! why are you so late!?" "for many, many reasons," i said "have you seen the news?! I AM FAMOUS, CELEBRITY, AWESOME PERSON!" "it is not because of you, it is because of what you said silly doofa!" "Don't call me names!" i said angrily "and who is that!" i swung around and pointed a gnarled finger nail at the ugly boy "weelll, isn't it obvious?" she answered "your new adopted brother wants you to show him around."  "it is not obvious. i don't think he does," I said looking down at my stubbed toes, "i don't have one" "don't be such a smart Aleck" I knew the signs that I was about to get a lecture when the ugly boy burped. I had forgotten about him. "excuse you!"I said snottily. "oh excuse me," his voice was surprisingly deep. Then the scene took another twist and Katie came in and said "Dylan! let's go play with the vortex,"I took a deep breath. five to be precise. my worst nightmare was becoming reality, not just cause I now have an ugly brother. But cause Katie NEVER wants to play with me and not because i'm a really bad shot and stuff but I don't think she likes me that much. "YOUR RATS, ALL OF YOU!!!" I cry and run to my room. I slammed the door to make sure everyone knew I was angry so they would take the ugly boy away. five comics later I heard my mum's sticky slippers on the stairs. "ITS NOT FAIR," I screamed at her as soon as the knob turned. "I'M KATIE'S BIG BROTHER, NOT THAT BIG LUMP OF BUTTER!! IT DEFIES THE LAWS OF PHYSICS, AND GRAVITY, AND NEWTONS THREE LAWS OF MOTION AND EVERYTHING IN THE HISTORY OF SCIENCE" I eyed Penelope Zastruga cynically. but she just looked amused. "Dylan coming here doesn't make you younger then Katie does it?" she countered. "quit being such a smart aleck," I grumbled she ruffled my hair. "whatever kiddo, you'll sort it out" and gave me a peck on the cheek which made me feel better. Then she left and I felt like a big fat jerk. i still hate him though, i grumbled at myself. in the next thirty seconds I jumped off my bed and did some rolypolys to get the blood in my head to help me think better. but it just made my face red.i slid down the stairs and the ugly boy was putting the dishes away in the most awesome way, he was holding seven plates on his arms like a waiter. "that is SO awesome,"I said. the boy grinned a wolfish grin, and span a plate on his pinky. "who are you, anyway," I asked annoyed. "Well who do you think your family have been talking about when they've called a random someone Dylan?" "someone??" I asked confused "our old dog that died isn't a someone," "don't be ridiculous," the wolfish grin again "you look like a wolf," I said, cheering up. "yeah?" he said, holding his arms  out. "i think so too"\par
maybe the ugly boy is a mind reader because hardly anyone agrees with me but when they do, it just makes my day.\par
\par
i had finally convinced Katie to watch me so i could show her how much better i was at throwing the nerf vortex. Dylan had been teaching me. "throw it on a forty five degree angle with extra pump," he had explained.. "AH HA!" i said throwing it over her head."that one was a good looka". she rolled her eyes, picked it up and threw it way over my head into the compost heap twenty meters away. " i am so bad at pump," i grinned. "hold it by the back of he oval, not by the tail!" he reminded me. "Dylan do you have a dog? i asked, changing the subject. "There is dog hair on your shirt" . his eyelids flickered. "yeah. once." he said abruptly. "'once' is a saaad word," I said sympathetically.There was a sudden screech of brakes, and an unusual looking brown car with tinted windows almost bowled over our letter box.  volley of barks came from inside and the voice of a small boy telling the dog to shut up. "wait here," Dylan grunted and ran over to the car. i could see him exclaiming by the way his eyebrows went up and he was gesturing wildly. he came back sweating. "who was that?" i asked gingerly. "that?" he seemed distracted "oh....that....that was a classmate," he shook his fringe out of his eyes which reminded me of a restless pony. "asking for help on his french homework! can you imagine...man, jerks these days expect everyone to do everything for them." i nervously licked my lips. "but...so you don't like helping me with my spelling?" Dylan gave a lop sided grin. "for the record, not exactly, but you know...Katie can help you with that." i drooped visibly. "Katie  has the vocabulary of a college graduate!" Dylan scoffed. "Just what we need, a walking dictionary," he joked. the corners of his eyes lifted up. "Katie is so much more then that!" i protested, somewhat agreeing. "sure whatever, kid. I believes you." he pulled a face and then ran inside i followed him awed by how cool he was. " i would say more along the lines of aplomb," butted in Katie. "what?" "you were mumbling how cool Dylan was." "a walking dictionary, just what i wanted," i said copying Dylan's cool line. i marched off and checked my msg speech video on the internet. it was totally going viral, more viral then that video of .i leaned back on my chair smugly. "i wonder why people are eating this up so much, i mean hasn't there been,like loads of field trips to that msg factory, and hasn't like quite a lot, of people heard this info?" asked Dylan glancing over my shoulder at the video with forty thousand views. i shrugged and kept watching the video which was up to my favorite part. Dylan mimicked me and shrugged loosely, and then said "come set the table Ham,Auntie told us to" i groaned and dragged myself to the table and started setting out the mismatched cutlery, then grabbed the chair which had my favorite plate in front of it .Everyone's footsteps are quite distinctive. Katie kinda scuffs the floor, Penelope shuffles and Harvey plods but Dylan makes no sound.  So i was surprised when someone plopped in the chair next to me. "How are you, Dylan?" smiled Penelope. "Not too shabby, what about you auntie?" "Physically or Mentally?" "both" so Penelope prepared herself to give a long speech about The well being of her health. "oh yeah, and by the way guys," penelope said at the end of her boring speech, "Granddad is coming over, so clean up your room, Hammy" i stared open-mouthed as penelope hummed and spooned globs of soggy mac and cheese onto our plates. Granddad is a large fellow with a beard that always has last nights dinner in it, he is not very tactful and gives his untactful opinions very loudly. I do not have very much problem giving up my room but last time he came i found his false teeth under my bed. "can he have Dylan's room?" i asked politely. "nope." she didn't look up and continued spooning the gloppy mess that reminded me vividly of my recent spams of vomiting. When i tasted it, it tasted a lot like vomit as well. "Very well, then" i grunted angrily. "Where is dad and Katie anyway?" It is well know that they both raiders of the cupboard and never feel hungry for dinner. "tut tut," i tutted gnashing my teeth. "Hamish," penelope chided. "eat with your mouth closed." \par
" i wasn't eating," i grumbled. i stuffed most of it in my mouth and ran to the bathroom and spat it out in the toilet. Then i listened as it gave a satisfying flush. \par
There was a heavy knocking at the front door and then several rings of our doorbell. I knew instinctively who it was so i ran to my room grabbed an assortment of clothes , which i realized later was my dirty washing, threw it in Dylan's room and shoved everything on my floor under my bed. "hellooo? can someone help me with my bits of junk and stuff" a gruff muffled voice called at the unopened door. i ran to the door and tussled with the locks. His dog Nebuchadnezzar tripping me up the instant i opened it. i collapsed on the floor groaning grandpa loomed over me "what are you doing? get up! your a hard case, you," i got up slowly and picked up all the stuff he shoved at me and dumped it all in my room messing up the lovely cleaness of it.  "good evening, Martin!" exclaimed my mum appearing at the doorway and picking up all the stuff spilling from his duffel bag. Nebuchadnezzar tripped me up again and i dropped all granddad's stinky dog hair covered pillows. "Oh, now look what you've gone and done, you got dust all over them," said granddad mournfully Katie appeared and helped with granddad's enormous amount of stuff. "you'd think he was staying permanently," she grumbled to me "what with his house he brought with him". Granddad grabbed a stack of old books that smelt like coffee and stood in front of me. "I got a whole lot of good junk the other day, heaps and heaps of stuff...man, but the fellow was a hard case, but in the end i got a good bargain," he mumbled talking to himself all the while. "i wouldn't say no to a cup of tea" he suddenly turned me. Granddad is the reason i know how to make tea, so i obliged and wobbly carried the tea to him, spilling it all over my hand. "Your a wonderful human being," he hiccuped. "Why thank you," i replied, bowing. "you ratbag,give me a hug!" "ooof!" i felt winded. 'ahem, bed time." said Penelope, clasping her hands. "goodnight, all!" i screamed and ran into Dylan's room and did on the a flip on the mattress i expected to be there. i landed hard. on my back, on the ground. "Rule number one, never trust anyone or assume anything before checking it is true." said Dylan, blank faced. "wise words. wise words indeed." i growled. "hey whats the panda logo thingy under your jacket?" "Good night!" said Harvey appearing in the door way. "no fighting boys." he said firmly and turned off the light."Oi wait, i haven't made my bed!" but he had already gone "WAAAAIT," there was a click as someone turned off the main switch. In the dark, Dylan made a mattress with clothes from his draws. Dylan doesn't have many clothes so it was pretty hard. "i'm NEVER going to sleep to night," i grumbled. why don't you get the mattress from the garage?" he asked. i looked out into the rainy dark abyss "can you...?" i asked hopefully "No chance." he flopped over with a sigh, and in a few seconds his breathing slowed and i knew he was asleep. i lay awake for ages, with my hands behind my head and noticed many things. Like how Dylan is a very restless sleeper and grunts a lot. I heard these weird breathy sounds and i realized that Dylan was sleep talking. It was mainly boring stuff but it took my mind off the hard ground. he was saying stuff like "don't want orange juice this morning, thanks." and "but i need to make sure Hamish is alright." i smiled, chuffed. and then. "yeah, don't worry. under control. deleted msg video threat. its taken care of."  he turned over and grumbled. "no cereal left" Then Sleep over took my mind in the race, and tackled me down. The next morning i frowned as i wondered why my face was so near to smelly clothes. Then i remembered last nights turn of events. I remembered that i had wanted to remember something last night but i couldn't think what it was. I sat up and rubbed my face which felt very sore. A small strange light was shining under Dylan's bed. i crawled underneath and it was a clunky junky old laptop. Dylan's face appeared, contorted with angry lines. "what are you doing! thats mine" I put my hands up in surrender, "okay, you can have it back." "How exceedingly generous of you to return my private property". He scrunched his nose up at me and snatched it away. "its junk anyway." i said, and went to get some food. He followed me and before we knew it, we had eaten breakfast. "i heard you sleep talking last night." i said. "you did?" he shrugged, "yeah i have a bit of a problem with that." "well, i have a bit of a problem with what you said." i said. "but if you upload it again, i won't be mad." i smiled. "those are my options." "what are you talking about," he squinted at me he was trying to figure me out which was exactly what he was trying to do. We were playing jinga and it kept crashing down. "you keep losing." smirked katie, "first place is for losers." i said distractedly. My mind hadn't been focused and listless since people had come and taken Dylan away. Apparently its illegal to delete videos off other people's youtube channels and my video had been ruining their buisness. It turned out that Dylan had been an employer of the msg factory. The guy in the brown car was his boss and the boss's kid had a dog which Dylan had been forced to sell to him because of not having enough money. I closed my eyes. "My video is lost forever!"\par
 "who cares," said Katie. "It never was going to make a difference in this world anyway."  i sighed. I made my way to school. nixon ran up to me. "hey hamish," "Sorry about Dylan." i winced at the way people talked like he was dead. "yeah." i scuffed the dirt with my shoes. "I have a usb with your video on it." said Nixon. "if you want." i turned away. "yeah." then i turned back. "wait what did you say?" he grinned. "i have a usb with your video on it." I grabbed Nixon and swung him around because hes so little and i accidentally dropped him but we were laughing our heads off. And everything was perfect at that moment. \par
}
 